Update concepts, conventions, events, tileentities to 1.13 (#214)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/tileentities/tesr.md

TileEntityRenderer
==================

> A `TileEntityRenderer` (colloquially called TESR) is used to render blocks in a way that cannot be represented with a static baked model (JSON, OBJ, B3D, others). A TESR requires the block to have a TileEntity.

Reviewer: Perhaps `previously TileEntitySpecialRenderer, or TESR for short`. We should be moving away from `TESR` as an abbreviation.

In order to register a TESR, call `ClientRegistry#bindTileEntitySpecialRenderer` passing the tile entity class to be renderer with this TESR and the instance of the TESR to use to render all TEs of this class.

`TileEntityRendererFast`
------------------------

A TESR can opt-in to being a "fast" renderer by extending the `TileEntityRendererFast` class instead of `TileEntityRenderer` and returning true from `IForgeTileEntity#hasFastRenderer`. Instead of implementing `render`, `renderTileEntityFast` must be implemented.

> A fast TESR can offer performance improvements over a traditional TESR and should be used wherever possible. This is due to the fact that all fast TESR instances are batched together and only issue _one_ combined draw call for all fast TESRs per frame to the GPU. This advantage comes at the cost of making direct OpenGL access via `GlStateManager` or the `GLXX` classes impossible. Instead a fast TESR must only add vertices to the provided `VertexBuffer`, which represents the combined vertex data for all fast TESRs. This allows rendering `IBakedModel`s. An example can be found in Forge's `TileEntityRendererAnimation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fast renderer can offer performance improvements over a traditional `TileEntityRenderer` and should be used wherever possible. This is due to the fact that all fast TER instances are batched together and only issue _one_ combined draw call for all fast TERs per frame to the GPU. This advantage comes at the cost of making direct OpenGL access via `GlStateManager` or the `GLXX` classes impossible. Instead a fast renderer must only add vertices to the provided `VertexBuffer`, which represents the combined vertex data for all fast renderers. This allows rendering `IBakedModel`s. An example can be found in Forge's `TileEntityRendererAnimation`.
```
Maybe also define the TER acronym above.
